sudo apt purge google-chrome-stable
rm-rf/home/aayush/.config/google-chrome
rm-rf/home/aayush/.cache/google-chrome

Linux commands

ls : to list the directory content 
pwd : print working directory
cd/ : means to change the pwd to / node
pwd : gives us the info of parent
ls: gives the info of the child of that particular directory
IMPORTANT FILES IN THE / NODE :
a. etc  b.bin   c.tmp  d.var   e.
mkdir : to make the new directory
pwd : to print the present directory
rm file name : to delete the particular files from the device
rm -r -f nameOfFolder : to delete the folder, where -r means recursively dlt and -f means forcefully dlt the folder since there will be such types of files that doesn't want to be deleted Where is linux?
 ●TV,
  Mobile Phones.
  Self Driving Car.
  Plane.
 •Rocket.
 •Many Websites are hosted in Linux.


Who Uses Linux?
  US Government
 •Top Tech Companies like Google,Microsoft,Amazon by various means.
  Hackers.
 •Financial Institutes.
 •Computer Programmers and Researchers.
  Those who want to acquire high technical knowledge.


some of the Points to Remember
Folder in linux called directory.
Linux is a case sensitive System. A is different than a.
Avoid using filename as space.
Super Admin is also called root who can do anything.
Software is called a package.


Command Need to Enter
sudo apt-get upgrade
sudo apt-get update

Everyday Linux Commands
pwd : print working directory
whoami : Display information about user.
hostname : Display host name.
cd / : Go to root directory.
THe combination is : username@hostname
ls : to list all of the files  
mkdir foldername To make Folder.
rmdir foldername To delete Folder.
touch : Create a file.
echo "Hello" > lsh1.txt => It saves Hello to chl.txt
cat fileName : to see the content insde of the file 
ls -l : to see the info of all of the files present in particular folder
rm -R Lesson => Delete Folder named Lesson with its contents
touch ch{1..9}.txt : to make the file(say : txt ) from 1 to 9
cp source dest => for copy content form one place to another
mv source dest => for moving content form one place to another
rm doc* : to delete all of the files named after doc of a particular folder
find -name doc1.txt : to find the file name doc1.txt where the whole path will be shown
sudo restart : to restart the system.

       			    USERS IN LINUX
Regular User : have the access of only home directory. $ indicates
regular user.
Root User : have the access of all of the directory carrying the full
access . This user is aka ADMIN / SUPER USER 

sudo su : it is used if we wanna take all the access for things like 
making files and etc. Not recommended to use it .

   			ABSOLUTE VS RELATIVE PATH   			
 Absolute path is used if we wanna go in any folder that is not the 
 member of your's pwd. It always starts with / after cd commands.
 Ex: if i'm in the coding directory and I wanna go to the tutorial 
 directory of the videos directory then the Absolute path is : 
     cd /videos/tutorial
 
 
Relative path is like if you wanna move onto another directory that is
connected part of pwd then Relative path is used 
EG:
cd cpp => changes the directory from coding to cpp


sudo apt update : updates the list of software that can be installed 
on the system.
sudo apt-get update : for the ubuntu version < 16
sudo apt upgrade : upgrade the sotware
apt : helps us to install software
ls -R : list all of the content of the subdiretory of the system
touch .hidden : . command makes the hidden files 
ls -a : list all of the files i.e hidden and unhidden 
ls -lart : gives the info all the directory made , file stored in it.
history : to look the history.
echo ak : to print ak in terminal
printf"ak" : prints the ak in terminal
ls -l : to see the read write permission given to user, group and other
chmod calculator to change the mode of accessiblity.
command : chmod Number filename.extension
top : gives the info of the all the top process that uses the lotta 
resources in the system
enter q : to stop the listing of the resources used .
ps : to list all the running processes 
ps -a : to list all of the running process from background and 
frontside
kill pid_num : to kill the running programmes












 
 

